[ music ]
[ mellow music ]
[ laughs ]
- I will not see that coming...
I did not see that coming!
- Do you ever get bored
playing chess against yourself?
- No, I don't.
But I sometimes do.
[ Charlotte's phone
gets a text ]
[ groans ]
- The guys are coming back.
- Why did you do that?
- Ray gets mad
whenever people do
"smart stuff" in front of him.
Gimme the chess board.
- But I've got myself
right where I want me!
- You'll get yourself next time.
[ Schwoz grumbles ]
- Where were they anyway?!
- They went to throw melons
at that abandoned house
that people throw melons at.
- Without me? But I've been
saving melons for months.
- They should be back soon.
I just asked them to swing by
my house
and pick up my phone charger
on the way back.
- You sent Ray, Henry,
and Jasper to your house
with no adult supervision?!
- Yeah.
What's the problem?
- Yeah...name one old
Disney movie that isn't.
- No, you're right.
- I'll wait.
- Time's changing.
- You're right.
- Much more inclusive now...
- Whoa, whoa, whoa...
- Hey.
- What's up?
- Hmm?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Did you go to my house?
- Sure did.
- Oh yeah.
- Walked right in.
- So...
what happened?!
- Weeee got your phone charger.
- Aaahh!
Why is it hot?!
- Because we pulled it
out of the fire.
- You are welcome.
Hit the showers.
- Whoo!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Whaaaaaat?
- I told you she'd be like this.
- What did I say?
- Yeah I owe you ten bucks.
- Did you guys
light my house on fire?!
- No no no no...
- 'Course not.
- Just take it easy.
- I mean... yeah.
- Just the kitchen.
- The kitchen
is part of the house.
- The kitchen's gone.
It's gone.
- The rest of your house...
totally fine.
- Yeah.
- How could you guys
light my kitchen on fire?!
- Oh this is gonna be good.
Let me get some popcorn.
- What. Happened.
- Okay, first of all,
we couldn't find
a light switch anywhere.
- It was very dark.
- And kinda cold.
- I happened to have
a flare on me.
- Which would solve
both problems.
- Oh my god.
- Show her.
- Okay.
- No!
- So I had a flare...
in your kitchen!
- And then we started exploring!
- First thing we found
were the curtains.
- Well...
- The flare found 'em.
- Those things went up fast.
[ Imitates fire starting ]
- Did you guys
try to put it out?!
- Yes.
- Of course we did!
- But um you know that saying,
"Fight fire with fire?"
- Yeah, that does not work.
- No.
- Let's hit the showers.
- Whoo!
- Nobody's hittin' the showers!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa--what's your problem
with showers, Charlotte?
- Yeah, right?
Let's hit the showers.
- Whoo!
- You guys, what about
my kitchen!
- Again, her with the kitchen.
- Come on!
- I'll take care of it.
You'll have a new kitchen
in six to eight weeks.
Here. Take a look at
these cabinet samples.
We could do oak
or maybe mahogany--
- Oooh!
- I don't need a new kitchen
in six to eight weeks.
I need a kitchen today!
- Why?
- Yeah, what's your deal?
- My deal is that I have a date
tonight with Jack Swagger
and I was gonna make him
dinner at my house!
- Wait.
- You know Jack Swagger?!
- International music superstar
Jack Swagger?!
- Youngest person to win
a Grammy Jack Swagger?!
- You have a date?
- Yes. With Jack Swagger.
- How do you know Jack Swagger?!
- We went to camp together
like ten years ago
back when he was
Jack Swaggowitz.
- Okay. How did we not know this
until now?!
- I've told you guys
like a million times!
You guys just never
listen to me.
- I don't believe you.
- I don't remember that.
- Uhhhhhhhhhhh...
- Truth or flare?
- Truth.
- Who's the first person
you ever smooched?
- Jack Swagger.
Summer Camp.
Back when he was
Jack Swaggowit--
- Dude, check me out!
Check me out!
I'm Flarry Potter!
Magic! Magic!
- You're a wizard,
Flarry Pottah!
HENRY: Yes! Yes!
Okay, fine.
You told us one time.
- Uhhhhhhhhhhh...
[ Charlotte's phone beeps ]
- Who's that from?
- Jack Swagger.
We went to camp together.
He's playing at
the Swellview Bowl tonight
so we're going to go out
for dinner after--
- The ice cream ma--
- Oh my gosh...
[ cries ]
- Okay, so you
mentioned it twice.
- You know, scientists say that
you have to hear something
three times to be
legally remembered--
- Uhhhhhhhhhhh...
- Hey, can you guys swing
by my house
and pick up my phone charger
on the way back?
I have a date
with Jack Swagger.
I know him from camp.
Oh and by the way,
the light switch in the kitchen
is a little hard to find so--
JASPER, HENRY AND RAY:
Okay, okay...
- Wow. Was that today?
- That was an hour ago.
- An hour ago today?
- And I can think of seven more
times I've told you guys.
- Not enough time.
- Let's move on.
- Well Jack was supposed to
come to my house
and have dinner tonight.
But now
I can't make him dinner.
- Why not?
We got your phone charger.
- Because you burned down
my kitchen!
- Just take him to that
restaurant Sotto Voce.
Nice place. Romantic.
Kitchen not burned.
- That you know of.
- That I know of.
- We tried that.
He's too famous.
He gets mobbed
wherever he goes.
- Yeah. I saw him at the dentist
once -- tackled him!
Turns out...
different guy.
- So you guys can only have
dates at your house?
- Or secret restaurants.
Like one time in New York
he took me to this cool,
underground spot,
below a fake laundromat.
- I got it!
We need some place to turn into
a fake restaurant. Okay?
Some place nobody
knows about?
Somewhere underground?
I say we make a fake restaurant
in Henry's house!
- Yes!
- No.
- Why not?
- There's a hawk in my house.
- There's a hawk in your house?
- That's what Piper said.
- What are you doing out here?
- Can't go inside.
There's a hawk
in the house.
He hates me.
- Why is there
a hawk in our house?
- I heard a cricket downstairs
last night.
- Go on.
- Well the cricket
kept me awake.
So I grabbed some mice
and brought 'em in
to get the cricket.
The mice got the cricket but
then they wouldn't leave.
So I grabbed a handful of snakes
to drive out the mice.
- So there are a bunch of snakes
in our house now?
- Not since I got the hawk.
He hates me.
[ Hawk whistles ]
- Relax, Tony.
He's outside.
- I may need to crash here
'til the hawk leaves.
- Okay, so we'll do it
in the Man Cave.
- Do what in the Man Cave?
- Make it a secret restaurant.
- Yes!
- No!
We're not turning the Man Cave
into a secret restaurant.
- You owe me! You burned down
my kitchen.
You never listen to me.
You get mad at me
when I read books
in the Man Cave!
- I knew I smelled
books in here!
- You owe me.
- Fine we'll turn the Man Cave
into a restaurant!
- Yes!
- Who was playing chess?
Schwoz!
- Aieee!
- What do I tell you
about that!
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
[ music ]
[ elevator dings ]
- Sorry I'm late.
The hawk grabbed my tie
and wouldn't give it back.
Luckily my dad distracted it
with his face.
- Is he okay?
- Yeah he's okay,
he's got like razor talons
and like a knife beak. So.
- No, no.
I meant your dad.
- Oh no he's in serious pain.
This place looks great!
Where's Ray?
- Chef's in the kitchen.
- Where's the kitchen?
- Behind
the sound proof curtain.
- Whaaaaat?!
[ mouths "I know" ]
RAY: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
I JUST HAD IT!
HOW COULD I LOSE--
RAY: IT WAS HERE
TWO SECONDS AGO!
I SWEAR ON MY FATHER'S
PREPURCHASED BURIAL PLOT--
- Hmm. Chef sounds mad.
- Yeah, we should check on him.
RAY: Oh come on!
- Whoa whoa whoa whoa!
- What are you doing?
- I can't find my fifth flare!
And if I don't have
all five flares it's ruined!
- Put the flares away man.
They're for emergencies only!
- Or for playing Truth or Flare!
- It's fine.
I just had the thing!
Where--it was here a second ago!
- Found it!
I found it.
- Stop. Move.
- Where is it?
- Dude, you gotta stop lighting
flares in kitchens.
- Why? What's the worst
that could happen?
- Okay. Hand them over.
- Give them to me man.
- We're done. We're done!
We're done!
- Ah! You're ruining my process!
No, don't put 'em in there!
Don't put that. Oh.
- Okay. Charlotte and
Jack Swagger are close.
I gotta go up to Junk-N-Stuff
and pretend like
it's a fake store.
- It is a fake store.
- Exactly.
This guy gets it.
- What are you wearing?
- Schwoz and I are the chefs.
I am dressed like a chef.
- Uhh...From a cartoon?
- This is what chefs wear.
- In cartoons.
- No! In real life!
- Okay.
Boom! Now that's a chef.
- No. I got a can of pasta sauce
right here
with a picture of a chef on it.
That's what a chef wears.
Here's what a chef looks like.
- You're sad.
- What is Ray wearing?
- I'm dressed like a chef!
- What?
From a cartoon?
- This guy gets it.
- Look at the can!
The can's a lie?
- It's a cartoon guy.
- This is what
a chef looks like!
[ all shouting ]
- I am so sorry we are fully
committed this evening.
There are no tables available...
Madam President.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't see you there
because I was just on
the phone with...
The President.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- Uh okay...
we would like to go to
the secret, underground
restaurant.
We have a reservation.
For Charlotte Page.
- Mmm. One moment.
[ Jasper makes clicking sounds ]
Ah ha!
Here it is.
And I have a note here that says
it's somebody's birthday today.
- Not mine.
- It's not my birthday either.
- They give you free dessert
if you tell them
it's your birthday.
- Then I guess it's my birthday.
- Very good, sir.
This guy gets it.
JASPER: Right this way please.
- What'd I tell you about using
flares in the kitchen, dude?!
RAY: What did I tell you
about playing chess?
- That was Schwoz, dude!
Chess is for nerds.
RAY: Ha! Yeah it is!
We good, Henry.
- Whatcha got there,
a sound proof curtain?
- Piper?! How'd you get
this piano down here?
- Schwoz has a thing.
- Okayyy, why do you have
a piano down here?
- This is my baby grand, baby.
I'm gonna play some slow jams
for tasty tips.
- It's one person
coming to dinner.
- He's not a person.
He's a celebrity.
You wouldn't understand.
- Do you even know
how to play the piano?
- [ scoffs ]
Nobody actually knows how
to play the piano.
I mean look at this thing,
there's like a million buttons.
Fortunately, my phone
just has one button.
[ piano music ]
[ elevator dings ]
- Whoa, they need to fix
their elevator.
- You get used to it.
I assume.
If you work here.
Which I don't.
Hey look a piano!
- Nice playin'.
I love a little slow jam.
- Money speaks
louder than words.
- Uh, we have your table ready
right over here.
Thanks.
- So what's this place called?
- It's called Food.
- That's dumb.
- Is it? What if I told you
it's "food"
spelled with a U
with two dots over it?
- See now that's cool.
Cool spelled with a U
with two dots over it.
[ Henry and Jack laugh ]
- This guy gets it.
This guy gets it.
[ music ]
[ loudly exhales ]
- Where's Jack Swagger?!
- Uhhhh...
- We know he's here!
Or my name isn't Blaze!
- Is your name Blaze?
- Yes!
- Therefore we know he's here!
- Yeah. Where is he?
- No no no no no no no.
There's no Jack Swagger here,
alright!
There's just a bunch of junk!
And a dashing cashier.
- We saw him
walking in with a date!
- Yeah. And a piano player
took a selfie with him
in some kind of restaurant!
It's all over the Internet.
- This store is probably
not even real!
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
- It's probably a fake front
to hide
a cool underground restaurant
for celebrities!
- No no no! It's a fake store
that's a front for a super...
secret restaurant!
Yeah, there's a restaurant
down there.
- Yes!
[ piano music ]
- This place is great.
It's so private.
- I know.
It's so annoying
how everyone stares at you
everywhere you go.
- Yeah. It's so nice down here,
just the two of us.
And those
three guys over there.
- Don't you guys have to go
cook our dinner or somethin'?
- Dinner's in the oven.
- We're all good.
- We're taking our break.
[ elevator dings ]
- Right this way.
Table for two.
HENRY: Uhhh...
- No! No no no! No no no!
- This is Henry, he'll be taking
care of you this evening.
Oh and what a treat,
you get to meet our chefs!
- First question:
Do we have any food allergies
I need to worry about?
No?
- Give us a sec!
- Ahh!
- Aieee!
- Who are those people?!
- I know that girl's name
is Blaze, because that's how
she knew there was
a secret restaurant down here.
- What?!
- Or her name wouldn't be Blaze.
Also, also, also, also,
Piper posted a selfie
with Jack Swagger.
- Well that's just perfect!
♪ The tip jarrrrrr... ♪
♪ is not just for showwwww... ♪
- So now the entire
Internet knows
there's a secret restaurant
under Junk-N-Stuff?!
- 'Fraid so.
I'll probably be back later
with more bad news byeeeee!
- I better start prepping.
Henry, push the shrimp.
Hard.
I don't think I can get
another day out of it.
- Piper, get in here right now!
- It's a sound proof curtain,
dude.
- We'll see about that.
PIPER!
♪ my heart is just
a tip jar babyyyy... ♪
♪ so don't leave me
feelin' empty... ♪
- Piper!
- Dude, stop. She's never going
to hear you.
- Well there's a bunch of people
in my Man Cave, Henry.
You can't expect me
to just stand here and not yell!
PIPER!!!
- Yelling won't help.
- Well I have to do something!
It's just a matter of time
before someone
sticks their stupid little head
through this curtain
and figures out what this
"restaurant" really is!
- Hey, guys.
- Ahhhh!
- Henry -- just sat your parents
down at table two.
It's both their birthdays.
- Okay, thanks, Jasper.
M'parents?!
- Honey, are you still worried
about the hawk?
- Yes!
I think he has my scent.
- Relaaax. He can't get to you
down in this restaurant.
Be present!
[ elevator dings ]
- Sorry, we don't have
any tables.
- It's okay. We just came to
stare at Jack Swagger.
- Ah, that's a very popular
choice tonight.
May I also suggest
the shrimp?
- Are your parents really here?!
- Yes.
Stop that.
Also Jasper keeps
bringing in more people.
- Aieee!
What are we going to do?!
- Well. There's only one thing
we can do.
- We burn this
whole place to the ground.
- Okay, just let me
gather some precious photos--
- No, no no no. No.
No. We can't ruin
this date for Charlotte, okay.
We gotta keep cooking
and convince these people
this is a real restaurant.
- Henry is right.
We have to do this
for Charlotte.
- And then tomorrow we'll just
say it's "closed forever."
- Because of a fire!
- A fake fire.
- D'awww.
- But tonight...we're gonna
give these people the best,
and only, dinner service
of our entire lives.
Who's with me?
- I'm in.
Let's do this for Charlotte.
- And fire!
- Aieee.
- Really dude?
- Oh. Sorry.
♪ I can taste your sugar,
I can taste your heat ♪
♪ I'm too--
rub spice on me ♪
♪ Everybody's got
their own decree ♪
♪ But I just want you ♪
♪ want you,
don't you want... ♪
♪ I can taste your sugar,
sugar ♪
♪ I can taste your heat ♪
[ piano music ]
- Honey. We're at
a secret restaurant,
we paid a fortune
for the hawk sitter,
and you're not paying
any attention to me.
Be. Present.
- Okay the hawk scratched my
cornea before we left the house
so I might be wrong, but...
I think that's Piper
playing the piano.
- Piper doesn't know how
to play the piano.
Nobody does, there's like
a million buttons.
[ Kris gets a text
on her phone ]
- Why do I have to be present,
when you get to--
- Shh shh shh...
it's the hawk sitter.
[ gasps ]
Tony got out.
- Oh. No.
[ elevator dings ]
- It followed me down!
It followed me down!
[ loud hawk cry ]
[ screaming ]
- Save yourself!
He's come for me!
[ music ]
♪ I can taste your sugar
I can taste your heat ♪
[ music ]
[ loud hawk cry ]
- Aaaaahhhhhh!!!!
[ In Unison ]
Dinner is serrrrrrr...
- Where did all the peeples go?
- Looks like they left.
- Rude.
- That is rude.
- Let's hit the showers.
[ giggles ]
- STOP!
- Ooooh.
Stop!